[Docs][PyOV] Add information about testing pyapi (#14645)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/bindings/python/docs/test_examples.md

> #### Building and environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Build and environment
```

> #### Building and environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build the environment
```

Author: This section actually isn't about `build the environment`. It's about how-to build and setup environment

Instructions can be found in ["Building the OpenVINO™ Python API"](./build.md).

> Install the special requirements file for testing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the specific requirements file for testing:
```

Author: done

```
python -m pip install -r openvino/src/bindings/python/requirements_test.txt
```

> ### Running OpenVINO™ Python API tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run OpenVINO™ Python API tests
```

*For simplicity, all of these commands require to navigate to the main Python API folder first:*
```shell
cd .../openvino/src/bindings/python/
```

To run OpenVINO Python API 2.0 tests:
```shell
pytest tests/
```

> For running OpenVINO Python API 1.0 tests execute this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run OpenVINO Python API 1.0 tests, use this command:
```

Author: done

> For running compatibility Python API tests execute this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For running compatibility OpenVINO Python API 1.0 tests execute this command:
```

Author: done

```
pytest tests_compatibility/
```

> Test framework *pytest* allows to filter tests with `-k` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *pytest* test framework enables you to filter tests with the `-k` flag.
```

Author: done

#### Building and environment
Instructions can be found in ["Building the OpenVINO™ Python API"](./build.md).

Install the specific requirements file for testing:
```
python -m pip install -r openvino/src/bindings/python/requirements_test.txt
```

### Run OpenVINO™ Python API tests
*For simplicity, all of these commands require to navigate to the main Python API folder first:*
```shell
cd .../openvino/src/bindings/python/
```

To run OpenVINO Python API 2.0 tests:
```shell
pytest tests/
```

To run OpenVINO Python API 1.0 tests, use this command:
```

> pytest tests_compatibility/

Author: generally it described in build.md file, nothing more to be added. But I added info about PYTHONPATH like a reminder

```

> The *pytest* test framework enables you to filter tests with the `-k` flag.

Reviewer 3: should we add how to run tests on GPU or other accelerator device instead of  default CPU?

Author: thanks for reminding me, added

python -m pip install -r openvino/src/bindings/python/requirements_test.txt
```

Make sure that Python libraries are added to the user environment variables: 
```
export PYTHONPATH=PYTHONPATH:<openvino_repo>/bin/intel64/Release/python_api/python3.7
```
### Run OpenVINO™ Python API tests

> *For simplicity, all of these commands require to navigate to the main Python API folder first:*

Reviewer 4: How about we add "the user" or "you"? Like:
"require the user to navigate to the"
Just a thought. You decide if it sounds good ;)

Author: I'd prefer to keep my version in this case  :)

cd .../openvino/src/bindings/python/
```

> To run new Python API tests (since 2022.1 release):

Reviewer 5: Small nit: have we agreed to call it "new Python API"? Please ignore if yes. :)

Reviewer 2: I think it should be "OpenVINO Python API 2.0"

Author: I want to leave it as `OpenVINO Python API tests` as now it default API now. The old one is compatibility API

Author: discussed offline

pytest tests_compatibility/
```

> By default, tests are being run on the CPU plugin. If you want to run them on another plugin, 

Reviewer 4: By default, tests are run on the CPU plugin. If you want to run them on a different plugin,

Author: done

tox
```

> ### Check codestyle of Python API

Reviewer 5: Shouldn't this be in `contributing.md`, in a single place?

@jiwaszki:
> I would like to keep codestyle in general contribution guide

Author: It also kind of testing API, also in `test_examples` I added info about running tests over API 1.0 which is missed in `contributind.md`

> ### Check codestyle of Python API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Check the codestyle of Python API
```

Author: done

> There are two packages used in the project to check codestyle of python code: *mypy* and *flake8*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two packages used in the project to check the codestyle of python code: *mypy* and *flake8*.
```

Author: done

> Additionally OpenVINO™ uses the custom configuration file to exclude some strict rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO™ also uses an additional custom configuration file to exclude some strict rules.
```

Author: done

> For checking the codestyle of Python API 2.0 execute this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the codestyle of Python API 2.0, run this command:
```

Author: done

```
python -m flake8 ./src/openvino/ --config=setup.cfg
python -m mypy ./src/openvino --config-file ./setup.cfg
```

> For checking the codestyle of compatibility nGraph Python API execute this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the codestyle of the nGraph Python API compatibility , run the following commands:
```

Author: done

Reviewer 4: For more clarity I would suggest:
To check the codestyle of "compatibility nGraph Python API," run the following commands:

```
python -m flake8 ./src/compatibility/ngraph/ --config=setup.cfg
python -m mypy ./src/compatibility/ngraph --config-file ./setup.cfg
```

> For checking the codestyle of compatibility InferenceEngine Python API execute this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the codestyle of InferenceEngine Python API compatibility, run the following commands:
```

Author: done

Reviewer 4: For more clarity I would suggest:
To check the codestyle of the "compatibility InferenceEngine Python API", run the following commands:

```
cd src/compatibility/openvino
python -m flake8 ./ --config=setup.cfg
python -m mypy ./ --config-file ./setup.cfg
```

> Also we suggest to run the codestyle check above tests if some new were added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to run the codestyle check tests above when new APIs are added.
```

Author: no, it meant `if new tests have been added, run the codestyle check for the tests folder`

Reviewer 4: would this be correct?
It's recommended to run the mentioned codestyle checks whenever new tests are added.

Author: @kblaszczak-intel thanx,
will use your phrase

> This check should be executed from the main Python API folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check should be executed from the main Python API folder:
```

Author: done

tox
```

### Check codestyle of Python API
For checking the codestyle of Python API execute this command:
```
python -m flake8 ./src/openvino --config=setup.cfg
```
For checking the codestyle of compatibility nGraph Python API execute this command:
```
python -m flake8 ./src/compatibility/ngraph --config=setup.cfg
```
For checking the codestyle of compatibility InferenceEngine Python API execute this command:
```
cd src/compatibility/openvino
python -m flake8 ./ --config=setup.cfg
```

> 

Reviewer 5: If there's flake8 here, maybe we could also use `mypy`?
`python -m mypy ./ --config-file ./setup.cfg`
`python -m mypy ./src/compatibility/ngraph --config-file ./setup.cfg`
`python -m mypy ./src/openvino --config-file ./setup.cfg`

Reviewer 2: All of it is already done [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/master/src/bindings/python/docs/contributing.md#always-test-out-our-code-dont-forget-about-it-before-pushing-and-triggering-cis).

You can link both files against each other. I would like to keep codestyle in general contribution guide. Please link test_examples there.

Author: added links also to other files.
